There is one of the very extraordinary lages in the monument of the Angoropeama Sammung that he
really loved that, and as well as the post-Western Dakini, and so on.
So it's a very extraordinary kind of gift and a specialist of the Nyingma schools of the Tibetan
Buddhism.
However, even though it is like that, it's not just only Nyingma as that, but even in the Buddha's
time and in India, those great masters, many revert the terma teachings.
Even they don't give the name, call that name or title as terma, they revert many terma teachings.
For example, great master Dada Arjuna revert the Pandya Paramada teaching or 100,000 strength Pand
ya Paramada teaching, is also the Nyangma teaching, literally is the Nyangma teaching, from Nagaland
.
And then Asaenga, great master Asaenga, also is called the teachings of the material, the Peter-B
uddha material, but in a way, it is called that Asaenga is called from the Shiddha heaven.
And as well as many of those masterdas, many revert the terma teaching one after another, but
however, they ignore the true stories, and then they don't say that it's kind of underneath
currents, they don't say that.
But even though that is then, the terma is so powerful, so powerful, so strong, as we said, is the
one of the most powerful lages, lages in the monument of the Gurba Amma, some of us, where to
benefit for the sentient beings, aspiring there to the enlightenment,
to remove the obstacles, diseases, sicknesses, for full of riches, as we said, so it is acting
ongoing, the actions of the Gurba Amma sambhava and the Western definition.
And as you can see, the Gurba Amma is the one of the most powerful lages in the Gurba Amma, the one
of the most powerful lages in the Gurba Amma.
The terma is the one of the most powerful lages in the Gurba Amma, the one of the most powerful l
ages in the Gurba Amma, the one of the most powerful lages in the Gurba Amma, the one of the most
powerful lages in the Gurba Amma.
And then, also, Bhadashakamali mentioned many times in Sutra and Tantra, the teachings, of those
who have high realizations, the Dharma is not kind of like a divided Dharma, it's not just kind of
like, kind of limited.
The true teaching is ongoing, the voice, ongoing song. If you have the cover bullet, if they have
the realization, anywhere you can reveal, there is ongoing message, that's what are they called,
music is an A, you just have to pull down like that, that's what they call it, if music is an A,
you have to pull down.
If you have the cover bullet, everywhere that music of the great teaching is, at every level, level
and you just pull, but to pull, you have to have the skill, technique, cover bulletess, any way to
maintain, preserve, up to think that is the quality, is the integrity, that is the all about of how
the individual is maintained in those great masters.
And for that reason, for example, at Mahasadas or at Vidyadhara, also just called at Heruk teaching
, at the Sarvasa, or the kulguru, that is, even though don't call dharma, but it is dharma.
So the personal dakini, Lady Whamu, handed that to them, then. So it is in the dharma teaching. And
then in the peak of the Malaya mountain, the five vidyadhara, again, received, where Japan, and
handed those teachings, or in a way, give the teaching to the five vidyadhara, or five excellent v
idyadharas, dharas, and that is dharma, dharma teachings, even though don't call them, but however,
dharma is this in that way.
Dharma is ongoing, beneficial activities that inspire others, and inspire them, and then bring
everyone to their ordinary natural status. That is all about of this dharma teachings.
And then, similarly, the great master Chati Deva said, at the end of his teaching, the light of the
wind, the light of the body itself, and then he said, may always reveal the teaching even from the
sky, may all the time, he prayed that, that pray, that means, also there is possible, possible,
that's why we pray, it is not something we pray, something is not impossible, impossible.
When we pray, it is possible, and that is also ushering, and when you put mind to the power, to
that direction, it will come. That is also one way, that, so there is the dharma, that's generally
the kind of idea of dharma teaching.
And then, particularly, this dharma is a very special legacy, extra-old legacy of the baroque amma
sambhava, and that is then blessed by many of those great masters, and inspired, they have the
cover of the letter to did all these things, many schools of Tibetan Buddhism, particularly, of
course, for miyuma, and then as well as from Gaju's tree.
And so, this is what, again, here, in particular, those who are, who have the cover of the letter
to reveal the dharma teaching, but having some difficulties, trouble, and then, kind of having
difficulties, at that time, if you pray, then you will be well.
And the great master. See, this is mainly for the tetrong, the tetrong, that whoever, they had some
difficulty, that time, that should pray.